[OSS] feat(cli): add initial peering cli commands (#14423)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/commands/peering/read.mdx

---
layout: commands
page_title: 'Commands: Peering Read'
---

# Consul Peering Read

Command: `consul peering read`

Corresponding HTTP API Endpoint: [\[GET\] /v1/peering/:name](/api-docs/peering#read-a-peering-connection)

The `peering read` displays information on the status of a peering connection.

The table below shows this command's [required ACLs](/api#authentication).

| ACL Required |
| ------------ |
| `peering:read`  |

## Usage

Usage: `consul peering read [options] -name <peer name>`

#### Command Options

> - `-name=<string>` - (Required) The name of the peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-name=<string>` - (Required) The name of the peer associated with a connection that you want to read.
```
Correct?

- `-format={pretty|json}` - Command output format. The default value is `pretty`.

#### Enterprise Options

@include 'http_api_partition_options.mdx'

#### API Options

@include 'http_api_options_client.mdx'

## Examples

> To read a peering connection of a cluster, locally referred to as "cluster-02":

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example outputs information about a peering connection locally referred to as "cluster-02":
```
